feat: switch to tagless workflow success check (#2)
nrwl/nx-set-shas: README.md

<p style="text-align: center;"><img src=".github/assets/nx.png" 
width="100%" alt="Nx - Smart, Extensible Build Framework"></p>

<h1 align="center">Set SHAs Action</h2>

> ✨ A Github Action which sets the base and head SHAs required for `nx affected` commands in CI

- [Example Usage](#example-usage)
- [Configuration Options](#configuration-options)
- [Background](#background)
- [License](#license)

> > This documentation is for version 2.x.x. If can find documentation for version 1.x.x [here](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-set-shas/blob/c8f5a54f6ee7f2127f3df063f36a0242faee4cb7/README.md).

Reviewer: 😬  typo again "if can find"

> > This documentation is for version 2.x.x. If you are using version 1.x.x you also need to include accomplanying [nx-tag-successful-ci-run](https://github.com/nrwl/nx-tag-successful-ci-run) as the last step of your job, since version 1.x.x depends on the existance of git tags that mark successful runs.

Reviewer: There are a couple of typos in here (`accomplanying`, `existance`) so it needs to be changed anyway, so may I suggest instead of this paragraph we instead simply link to the README.md at the latest v1 tag?

      # ===========================================================================
      - name: Derive appropriate SHAs for base and head for `nx affected` commands
        id: setSHAs
        uses: nrwl/nx-set-shas@v2
        with:
          set-environment-variables-for-job: 'false'
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
    
      - run: |
          echo "BASE: ${{ steps.setSHAs.outputs.base }}"
          echo "HEAD: ${{ steps.setSHAs.outputs.head }}"

      # ===========================================================================

>       # OPTION 3) Specify all parameters

Reviewer: This is not really what was intended by OPTIONs here.

There are two fundamentally different ways of using the SHAs - via environment variables, or via github job outputs.

This is not a third OPTION when it comes to fundamental usage of the SHAS, so please remove.

The configuration options section below was intended to exhaustively cover all the options available

<!-- start configuration-options -->
```yaml
- uses: nrwl/nx-set-shas@v1
  env:
    # The github token needed to provide access to APIs.
    # Use ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }} as a value
    #
    # Required: true

>     GITHUB_TOKEN: ''

Reviewer: We should use `${{ github.token }}` rather than forcing the user to set up a secret in their repo and then reference that in the env.

One of the great things about github actions is the fact you get a token provisioned automatically for you

Reviewer: See examples on the official org of actions: https://github.com/actions

Author: User does not need to set up new secret in their repo, the `GITHUB_TOKEN` exists by default. `GITHUB_XYZ` and `github.xyz` are the same. For some reason, it wasn't working when I tried to reference the env value in the `action.yml` without specifying it in the workflow. But works fine with GitHub context. Thanks!

https://github.com/octokit/action.js/blob/master/README.md

    set-environment-variables-for-job: ''

    # By default, if no successful workflow run is found on the main branch to determine the SHA, we will log a warning and use HEAD~1. Enable this option to error and exit instead.
    #
    # Default: false
    error-on-no-successful-workflow: ''

    # The ID of the github action workflow to check for successful run or the name of the file name containing the workflow. 
    # E.g. 'ci.yml'. If not provided, current workflow id will be used
    #
    workflow-id: ''
```
<!-- end configuration-options -->

## Background

When we run `affected` command on [Nx](https://nx.dev/), we can specify 2 git history positions - base and head, and it calculates [which projects in your repository changed
between those 2 commits](https://nx.dev/latest/angular/tutorial/11-test-affected-projects#step-11-test-affected-projects
). We can then run a set of tasks (like building or linting) only on those **affected** projects.

This makes it easy to set-up a CI system that scales well with the continous growth of your repository, as you add more and more projects.

### Problem

Figuring out what these two git commits are might not be as simple as it seems.

> On a CI system that runs on submitted PRs, we determine what commits to include in the **affected** calculation by comparing our `HEAD-commit-of-PR-branch`to the commit in main branch (`master` or `main` usually) from which the PR branch originated. This will ensure our PR in whole is always being tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a CI system that runs on submitted PRs, we determine what commits to include in the **affected** calculation by comparing our `HEAD-commit-of-PR-branch` to the commit in main branch (`master` or `main` usually) from which the PR branch originated. This will ensure the entirety of our PR is always being tested.
```

But what if we want to set up a continuous deployment system
that, as changes get pushed to `master`, it builds and deploys
only the affected projects?

What are the `FROM` and `TO` commits in that case?

> They can't be just `HEAD` and `HEAD~1` as some of those run might fail. If a few deployments fail one after another, that means that we're accumulating a list of affected projects that are not getting deployed. Anytime we retry the deployment, we want to include **every commit since the last time we deployed successfully**. That way we ensure we don't accidentally skip deploying a project that has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conceptually, what we want is to use the absolute latest commit on the `master` branch as the HEAD and the previous _successful_ commit on `master` as the BASE. Note, we want the previous _successful_ one because it is still possible for commits on the `master` branch to fail for a variety of reasons.

The commits therefore can't just be `HEAD` and `HEAD~1`. If a few deployments fail one after another, that means that we're accumulating a list of affected projects that are not getting deployed. Anytime we retry the deployment, we want to include **every commit since the last time we deployed successfully**. That way we ensure we don't accidentally skip deploying a project that has changed.
```
